Game 1
Suspects:
Suspect 1: their eye color is blue, they have circular eye glasses, their hair is short, is wearing a black hat, their hobby is basketball, is in a sad mood, they have red shoes, they have a bronze watch, they have short, brown pants and a pink, button-up shirt.
Suspect 2: their eye color is blue, they have square eye glasses, their hair is short, is wearing a black hat, their hobby is basketball, is in a sad mood, they have white shoes, they have a bronze watch, they have long, black pants and a pink, tee shirt.
Suspect 3: their eye color is blue, they have square eye glasses, their hair is short, is wearing a brown hat, their hobby is dancing, is in a happy mood, they have white shoes, they have a silver watch, they have short, black pants and a pink, tee shirt.
Suspect 4: their eye color is blue, they have square eye glasses, their hair is short, is wearing a brown hat, their hobby is basketball, is in a happy mood, they have red shoes, they have a bronze watch, they have long, brown pants and a green, button-up shirt.
Suspect 5: their eye color is brown, they have circular eye glasses, their hair is long, is wearing a brown hat, their hobby is basketball, is in a sad mood, they have white shoes, they have a bronze watch, they have long, brown pants and a pink, tee shirt.
Suspect 6: their eye color is green, they have square eye glasses, their hair is long, is wearing a brown hat, their hobby is basketball, is in a sad mood, they have red shoes, they have a silver watch, they have short, black pants and a pink, tee shirt.
Suspect 7: their eye color is green, they have circular eye glasses, their hair is short, is wearing a black hat, their hobby is basketball, is in a sad mood, they have white shoes, they have a bronze watch, they have short, brown pants and a pink, tee shirt.
Suspect 8: their eye color is green, they have circular eye glasses, their hair is short, is wearing a brown hat, their hobby is basketball, is in a sad mood, they have red shoes, they have a bronze watch, they have long, brown pants and a pink, button-up shirt.
==
The culprit is: 2
==
Communication channel:
Alex asked a broad question about: Which suspects have basketball as their hobby?
Beth responded with: Suspect 1, Suspect 2, Suspect 4, Suspect 5, Suspect 6, Suspect 7, Suspect 8
Alex asked a broad question about: Which suspects have blue eyes?
Beth responded with: Suspect 1, Suspect 2, Suspect 3, Suspect 4
Alex asked a broad question about: Which suspects are wearing a black hat?
Beth responded with: Suspect 1, Suspect 2, Suspect 7
Alex asked a broad question about: Which suspects have square eye glasses?
Beth responded with: Suspect 2, Suspect 3, Suspect 4, Suspect 6
Alex asked a broad question about: Which suspects have short hair?
Beth responded with: Error: Error code: 429 - {'error': {'message': 'Rate limit reached for model `llama-3.3-70b-versatile` in organization `org_01kwkpcd2rffpve6tqjf2g4x5g` service tier `on_demand` on tokens per day (TPD): Limit 100000, Used 99460, Requested 1352. Please try again in 11m41.568s. Need more tokens? Upgrade to Dev Tier today at https://console.groq.com/settings/billing', 'type': 'tokens', 'code': 'rate_limit_exceeded'}}
[... every remaining turn returned the same 429: tokens-per-day (TPD) limit 100000 reached; game could not continue ...]
